bpo-36715: Add usage note for dict.fromkeys() (#12974)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

      Create a new dictionary with keys from *iterable* and values set to *value*.

      :meth:`fromkeys` is a class method that returns a new dictionary. *value*

>       defaults to ``None``.  The same instance of *value* is used for every

Reviewer: Since value is not a class, 'instance of value' does not make sense.
```suggestion
      defaults to ``None``.  The one *value* object is used for every
```
